---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Use-case Descriptions

## Use Case 1: Account Creation
As a user, it is crucial that I have an account that stores my stories, Agents, and their history.
1. The user accesses the resource and is prompted to sign in or make an account.
2. The user enters their information: email, password, username, etc. If the information is invalid, the user will be prompted to try again.
3. The user clicks "Register". 
4. The user enters their email/username and password and clicks "Sign In".

## Use Case 2: Agent Creation
As a user, I want to create an Agent, and or specify who the Agent should try to mimic, to help beginning the story writing process.
1. The user clicks "Create Agent".
2. The user specifies any writer/writing style the Agent should copy/use.
3. The user specifies what the Agent should write.

## Use Case 3: Agent Deletion
As a user, I should be able to locate an Agent and delete it.
1. The user selects the options button.
2. The user selects the agent button.
3. The user clicks on the desired Agent.
4. The user selects "Delete Agent".

## Use Case 4: Viewing History
As a user, it is important that I am able to look back and view the history of the Agents and the story process.
1. The user selects a story
2. The user selects the chapter of the story they wish to view
3. The user scrolls to the portion of the chapter writing process to see the desired agent work

## Use Case 5: Editing Agent Work
As a user, I should be able to edit both past and current agent work to ensure that the chapter, edit, goal, or critique better fits my needs.
1. The user selects the desired story.
2. The user selects the desired chapter of the story they wish to edit.
2. The user scrolls to locate the desired Agent's work.
3. The user clicks the "Edit" button.
4. The user makes any desired changes.

## Use Case 6: Vetoing Agent Votes
As a user, I should be able to veto the final vote of the Agents on any chapter version, edit, or critique.
1. The user clicks the desired story
2. The user selects the chapter currently being worked on.
3. The user reads the individual work from each Agent.
4. The user clicks the veto button found above the currently most-voted work.
5. The user selects an alternative Agent's work that they prefer.

## Use Case 7: Agent Story Generation
The Agents should be able to generate a chapter of a story if given a prompt from the user.
1. The user enters the number of chapters, a story subject/synopsis, and any specific criteria that needs to be met.
2. The prompt is sent to the backend, formatted properly, and sent to the Agent.
3. The generated result is returned and displayed to the user.
4. This process is repeated for each Agent.

## Use Case 8: Agent Voting
Agents should be able to review all other work from other Agents and cast a vote as to which is best.
1. A specific Agent is sent work generated by other Agents.
2. Each Agent reviews the work.
3. The Agent casts a vote for the best generated result.
4. The process is repeated for each Agent.

## Use Case 9: Agent Critiquing
Agents should be able to receive the most-voted agent chapter and provide critiques for the work.
1. Each Agent is sent the most-voted agent work.
2. The Agents return a critique for the most-voted agent chapter.
3. The critiques are displayed to the user.

## Use Case 10: Agent Editing
Agents should be able to receive the most-voted agent critique and use that to edit the most-voted agent chapter.
1. Each Agent is sent the most-voted agent critique and chapter. 
2. The Agents return the edited most-voted chapter.
3. Each Agent's edited chapter is displayed to the user.